seventeentrack update docs with config flow (#31579)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/seventeentrack.markdown

ha_category:
  - Postal Service
ha_release: 0.83
ha_config_flow: true
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_codeowners:
  - '@shaiu'
ha_domain: seventeentrack
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The `seventeentrack` sensor platform allows users to get package data tied to their [17track.net](https://www.17track.net/en) account. The platform creates both summary sensors, which show the number of packages in a current state (e.g., "In Transit"), as well as individual sensors for each package within the account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The seventeentrack {% term integration %} allows users to get package data tied to their [17track.net](https://www.17track.net) account. The integration creates both summary sensors, which show the number of packages in a current state (e.g., "In Transit"), as well as individual sensors for each package within the account.
```
